Update generic-saml-saas.md (#14143)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/saas-apps/generic-saml-saas.md

You can either manually enter this data into your SaaS application or upload a metadata XML file. The metadata is available at the URL: `<SSO endpoint>/saml-metadata`.

> In SAML Responses, both the SAML Response itself and the Assertion are signed using the SHA-256 algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Validate SAML Response

When acting as a SAML identity provider, Cloudflare will sign both the SAML Response and the SAML Assertion using the SHA-256 algorithm. The SaaS application can validate this signature using the **Public key** that you upload to the SaaS application.
```

Reviewer: Hey @deansundquist, I added a header so that the info is more discoverable. Let me know if this edit makes sense.

Author: Looks good.
